Add command for M1/arm64 users (#14778)
docker/docker.github.io: get-started/06_bind_mounts.md

        sh -c "yarn install && yarn run dev"
    ```

>     If you are using an Apple Silicon Mac or another ARM64 device then use this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using an Apple silicon Mac or another ARM64 device, then use the following command.
```
